Fix options and context (#28)
stayallive/wp-sentry: README.md

#### `wp_sentry_options` (array)

> You can use this filter to customize the [Sentry options](https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/configuration/) used to initialize the PHP tracker.

Reviewer: You said it right here 👍 this is for the PHP tracker _only_.

There is a different filter `wp_sentry_public_options` for the JS SDK you should change instead of this one.

Example usage:

```php
/**
 * Customize sentry options.
 * 
 * Note: Items prefixed with `regex:` in blacklistUrls and whitelistUrls option arrays
 * will be translated into pure RegExp.
 *
 * @param array $options The current sentry options.
 *
 * @return array
 * 
 * @link https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/configuration/
 */
function customize_sentry_options( array $options ) {

>     return array_merge( $options, array(

Author: Just a small notice: I removed `tags` array because now it supposed to be moved into a `context` sub-array.
But I think adding a clear separation between options and context is better, and even promoted by new versions of SDKs (for JS v4 and for PHP v2).

        'sampleRate' => '0.5',
        'blacklistUrls' => array(
            'https://github.com/',

>             'regex:\\w+\\.example\\.com',

Reviewer: No need for `\\` since it's an `'` string not `""`, now it breaks syntax highlighting 😄

#### `wp_sentry_options` (array)

> You can use this filter to customize the [Sentry options](https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/configuration/) used to initialize the PHP tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this filter to customize the Sentry [options](https://docs.sentry.io/clients/php/config/#available-settings) used to initialize the PHP tracker.
```

^ since we're not on the unified SDK yet that page has no useful information for the PHP integration

Author: You're right, fixed.

#### `wp_sentry_public_options` (array)

> You can use this filter to customize/override the [Sentry options](https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/configuration/) used to initialize the JS tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this filter to customize/override the Sentry [options](https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/configuration/?platform=browser#common-options) used to initialize the JS tracker.
```

^ a bit more specific with the URL to prevent a different language (like Rust for me when I clicked) from showing

/**
 * Customize public sentry options.
 *
 * Note: Items prefixed with `regex:` in blacklistUrls and whitelistUrls option arrays
 * will be translated into pure RegExp.
 * 
 * @param array $options The current sentry public options.
 *
 * @return array
 */

> function customize_sentry_public_options( array $options ) {

Reviewer: Good one 😅
